If the zombie apocalypse actually happened,
but the zombies were fast as frick, reasonably
intelligent, and you lived in London where
there are no guns, what would you do?
In this How to Beat video, we’ll follow
the batshiz insane repatriates, see if we
can better avoid the hordes of infected, and
ultimately attempt to beat the Rage Virus
in, 28 Weeks Later.
If at any point you think i’m wrong, say..
for thinking Doyle should have sniped Andy.
Drop that nonsense in the comments.
If you’ve binge watched all my videos but
you’re not subscribed, you’re doing YouTube
wrong.
We start out following Don and his wife Alice,
surviving the outbreak which occurred in 28
Days Later, the original movie that people
are going to give me shiz for for not covering
first.
This isn’t Don and Alice’s house.
They live in the city but luckily managed
to get out during all the chaos, which I imagine
was like Philly in World War Z.
It’s been a week or so since the outbreak,
so the zombies are relatively fresh, and fast.
Let’s clear this up real quick, I know they
aren’t legit ‘zombies’, but that’s
what I’m going to call them.
Calling them ‘the infected’, just makes
it sound like they are suffering from an affliction.
These things are adrenaline pumped, blood-vomiting,
heat-seeking, ravenous cannibals.
They’re fricking zombies.
What I like about 28 Weeks Later is that the
zombies are just normal humans gone crazy-er.
There’s no magic bullshiz like in Dawn of
the Dead, where the zombies don’t die from
anything other than a bullet to the head.
Infection, dehydration, starvation, and blood
loss are lethal conditions for those infected
with the Rage Virus.
Human mouths are filled with bacteria and
will cause severe, potentially deadly infections
if untreated, which will be the case because
zombies don’t go to hospitals.
These aren’t bites from your bastard 5 year
old nephew that barely breaks skin.
These are full grown adults trying to eat
your face off and chew through your neck.
The Rage Virus also causes internal hemorrhaging
and zombies to puke blood everywhere.
Infection and blood loss are going to cause
the first 10f-20 percent of the zombies to
die out within the first days or weeks.
The 80% of the zombies that survived their
initial wounds will be faced with starvation
and dehydration.
While Don and Alice never saw the zombies
eat or drink during their escape because they
were too busy trying not to get murdered by
everyone, it’s not safe for them to assume
that the infected won’t try to eat or drink
by scavenging, cannibalizing each other, persistence
hunting animals, and drinking whatever water
they find.
You don’t want to walk into town assuming
that everyone’s died of inanition and realize
your hypothesis was wrong.
Cannibalizing each other, eating uncooked
foods, and drinking river water is going to
cause the zombies to be riddled with other
diseases that make them vomit and shiz everywhere,
leading to more dehydration and illness related
deaths.
Still, it will take a lot longer for them
to die out.
That and not everyone will be infected at
the same time.
As bands of survivors get infected over the
following weeks, the time it will take for
them to die out will be even longer.
For Don, Alice, and the others living in the
home, survival is an uphill battle of attrition
that may take up to a year.
Their primary concern is not being spotted.
The home they’re sheltering in is situated
many miles into the outskirts of London, I'm
guessing somewhere Eastward along one of the
streams that connects to River Thames.
Far enough that the millions of infected in
the city won’t find them.
This is more of a psychological consolation
than a realistic advantage.
Even one or two zombies could easily overpower
them.
This isn’t America where every household
has enough firepower to mow down every living
thing in a 2 mile radius 4 times over, with
a gun store down the road so they can do it
again.
This is Britain.
They have diddly shiz in the way of guns,
which is about the only way you can fight
those infected with the Rage Virus.
Getting into a fistfight with them is pretty
much guaranteed death, as one scratch, one
spittle in your eye, and you turn into another
zombie trying to kill what used to be your
family.
If they need to go outside for any reason,
they need to do it under the cover of darkness.
It’s possible the zombies don’t sleep
from the uncontrolled anger they are experiencing,
and that they are actively trying to hunt
down any uninfected humans night and day.
Humans can stay awake for weeks, even months
without sleep or with micro naps.
They should assume they’re still being hunted
at night, but at least the zombies will have
more trouble seeing them.
The human sense of smell isn’t that great,
but any scented candles or cigarettes should
be avoided.
They also have a hell of a lot of China propped
up high.
If someone knocks that over while a zombie
is rummaging through their garbage, they’re
all dead.
Package all that shiz and put it on the ground.
Their secondary concern is drinkable water.
Distilling water from the nearby river at
night and collecting rainwater in barrels
should be able to sustain them.
Their tertiary concern is food.
This is the hard one.
Their home is well stocked with cans of tomato
soup, chickpeas, and bottled wine.
Presumably enough for a couple months max
with six mouths to feed.
That’s not the biggest problem though.
Cooking it is.
The rage virus may have turned everyone into
young men who are on the losing side of a
call of duty game,
But they still have eyes, ears, and noses.
Well most of them.
Some may have their noses bitten off.
Point is, the smoke billowing out of your
chimney might as well be a dinner bell for
all the starving zombies nearby.
You’re going to want to cook at night only,
very briefly, and moderate how much smoke
is being put out at once.
If I can smell someone barbecuing from a block
away, you better bet the zombies can sniff
out the chef boyardee you’re cooking on
your wood stove.
It’s not even just the zombies you want
to hide from, you’d also want to remain
unseen by roaming bands of scav’s or desperate
survivors who will lead zombies to your front
door.
Great, someone saw the smoke coming out of
your chimney because you decided to cook with
a wood stove in broad daylight.
Now some kid is forcing you into a lose lose
situation.
You let the kid die and have to live with
it, or let in another mouth you have to feed
and risk being seen by the infected chasing
him.
Or the third scenario, the kid is a scav scout
that is using your empathy against you to
infiltrate your home and signal to his friends
that you are unarmed and well-stocked so they
can come kill you and steal your supplies.
Personally, and I know I'm saying this from
my comfy chair with no skin in the game..
I'd let the kid die.
His screaming indicates immediate danger with
zombies in close vicinity behind him, possibly
within eyesight, in which case opening the
door is a death sentence.
If he ran over here and had lost the zombies,
he’d be more discreet about it.
Then again, they’ve been cooking up a feast
so at that point the zombies were already
onto them regardless of the boy knocking.
The young lady opening the blinds to see if
her missing boyfriend was out there is beyond
moronic.
The zombies chasing the boy are probably lurking
around the house looking for him, and if her
boy toy is out there, he’s probably undateable.
The fact that the infected haven’t barged
through your home is lucky enough.
If you’re going to look outside, it’d
be better to do it from the attic so you aren’t
at eye level with the infected.
This is what happens when you try to hold
up with too many PTSD stricken people in the
apocalypse.
Someone is going to do something stupid.
Holy shiz those wood barricades did nothing.
Who was this zombie, Jean Claude Van Damme?
Helping whoever is under attack is a waste
of precious time.
One scratch and the person you’re helping
is going to be trying to kill you.
You’re all basically dead now unless you
have a stocked vehicle in the shed with the
keys in the ignition or a super secret crawl
space you can all quickly hide in.
Also, everyone should have had something on
them to use as a weapon at all times, or atleast
sharpened sticks in each room.
I know I said fighting is futile, but if you
have to fight, a sharpened stick is better
than bare knuckle brawling.
Seriously, did they cover their windows up
with styrofoam painted to look like wood?
The time slowing down at this moment perfectly
encapsulated the intensity . I’ll probably
get shiz for it, but frick Alice.
She knew seconds mattered and prioritized
the dumb little kid that led zombies to their
doorstep over her husband who she’d been
married to for decades.
What the frick was Don going to do, judo chop
it in the neck and swoop you off your feet
to safety.
You dicked around in the open and got caught.
That’s not his fault.
Not to mention you both have kids which will
be orphaned if Don gets himself killed too.
Don justifiably uses his wife as a distraction
to make the run of all runs.
The zombies in the house weren’t the only
ones.
There’s an entire horde of zombies coming
down the hill in a dead sprint towards him.
Tom Cruise doesn’t have shiz on Don.
Don screams at Jacob to hurry his ass up.
Seems Jacob had the same idea.
Don crank starts the motor while Jacob untethers
the boat.
With zombies right on his ass he kicks the
boat off the dock and tries to jump in.
He fails to stick the landing and ends up
in the zombie infested waters.
Don kicks the zombified Jacob off and manages
to pull away from the rest of the infected.
How the hell could you get a good night's
rest ever again after that.
With nowhere else to go, Don continues cruising
down the River Thames where he’s found and
picked up by a military unit.
At this point you might be wondering, if they
had a boat, why the frick didn’t they just
cruise out of town.
And ya know what, it's a good question.
According to this boat capacity calculator,
it could’ve held all 6 of them.
If not, you could always leave the elderly
couple since they’ll just be deadweight.
From their likely location along the River
Thames, it’d be about an 80 mile journey
across the English Channel.
With spare gas, and 4-6 people, you could
cover at least half that on power.
They’ll need to bring paddles to row the
rest of the way, commandeer another boat,
or siphon more gas.
If there is a military presence, they’d
be setting up camp in the harbours east of
London.
They don’t know if the rest of the world
is fricked too, and if they’ll show up on
the beaches of France only to find more zombies,
but it’s worth the risk and beats the hell
out of skulking around a cottage in a populated
area where one wrong move results in your
death.
15 days later mainland Britain is quarantined.
It took, what, 3 weeks for a proper quarantine
to be set up.
I’m surprised more zombies didn’t slip
through by boat or plane.
That’s a piss poor response time.
By the 4th week, the bulk of the destruction
had occurred and nearly everyone except small
pockets of survivors remained uninfected.
The CDC or whatever state organization is
mishandling this operation is saying that
after 5 whole weeks the infected had died
from starvation.
5 weeks.
Really?
5.
That is total bullshiz.
Most people have enough fat stores to last
them months without food.
Maybe most died from dehydration or any of
the reasons I mentioned earlier, but 5 weeks
is really underestimating it.
On the 11th week Team America shows up and
takes a mere 7 weeks to eradicate all zombies
and declare all of Mainland Britain free of
infection.
There is no way every nook and cranny of every
structure, let alone every square mile of
countryside was cleared in 7 weeks.
Even if all the infected humans were destroyed,
rodents could be harbouring the virus and
pockets of survivors could also pose a danger.
At 24 weeks, they begin reconstruction of
the damage done.
4 weeks later, all the damage done by the
zombie apocalypse was repaired.
Yah, right.
It takes the government a year to redo a street,
but the entirety of London was patched up
in 4 weeks.
At 28 weeks they start moving people back
in.
No sane intelligent person would trust their
governments word that they eradicated a zombie
infestation in 18 weeks and that it’s safe
to move in.
London would have to be a giant nuke crater
for me to consider moving back in.
I think I'd just get citizenship somewhere
else.
Oh that’s where you draw the line.
Children.
Not the completely insane idea of migrating
tens of thousands of people back into what’s
realistically still an infected hot zone,
not 4 months after the first military unit
arrived in the country.
I’d be less worried about moving into Syria.
Not really, but it’s close enough that voluntarily
choosing to go is batshiz insane.
As evidenced by the soldiers present every
10 feet you walk.
You’d think all of these former residents
that managed to catch the last flights out
of Britain during the outbreak would have
been tracked down, quarantined, and assessed
as soon as they landed in populated areas.
But no.
The military is checking for signs of infection
on their return to post-apocalyptic London.
By their logic, in order to be allowed into
the infected zone, you need to prove you aren’t
infected by getting eye-popped at the interim
airport optometrist.
The military’s plan is to clear the Isle
of Dog’s section of London, repopulate it
with people, and then I guess repeat the same
process with other sections of London and
Britain.
I honestly don’t see what’s the rush.
It’s not like there are millions of British
people that were displaced.
They’re pretty much all dead.
The thousands remaining can go somewhere else
for a while.
They could at least have waited to move people
in until after they finished bagging up and
burning all the bodies.
Not to mention you’re surrounded by 40 square
miles of uncleared infected city potentially
inhabited by thousands of the living dead.
Even if the humans are all dead, did nobody
think that maybe these rats and wild dogs
could be spreading or carrying the disease?
They also failed to mention that there might
be bands of survivors that are dangerous and
on edge, and may kill you if they think you’re
infected.
But yah, you guys are safe, there’s just
some stray dogs to watch out for.
The tour guide tells them that 15,000 potential
zombies have already moved into District 1,
they have hot and cold running water that
may or may not be sterilized, and even ‘a
pub’.
That last one sure gave everyone quite the
chuckle.
You dumbfricks, you’re walking into one
of the most dangerous places on the face of
the planet.
And you giggle because some soldiers fixed
up the Winchester Tavern and stocked it with
Natty Light?
I guess it makes sense considering you were
dumb enough to volunteer for this experiment
in the first place.
If you were concerned about living standards,
London should have been at the bottom of your
list.
Thank you.
At least someone is raising concerns for how
fricked this is.
General Stone tells her not to worry.
That if it comes back, they will simply kill
it.
Being a soldier you should know that if it
comes back, containment will fail, and they
will bomb the Isle of Dogs into dirt along
with every uninfected survivor residing there.
Tammy and Andy are reunited with their father,
Don.
After the little mishap at the cottage months
ago, he cruised right into a military camp
where they promoted him to section officer.
He’s in charge of making sure this shizshow
has enough electricity, so the military in
their infinite wisdom gave him an all access
backstage pass to even the most secure areas.
That decision definitely won’t come back
to bite them in the ass.
Don shows them the penthouse suite that they’ll
be staying at, and sits them down to have
the talk about why their mom isn’t there.
Jesus go give your dad a hug you senseless
children.
No, like he said, there was nothing he could
do.
If there was, don’t you think he’d have
done it.
Give your dad the benefit of the doubt for
fricks sake.
You were frolicking in Paris in complete safety
while he lived in a constant life and death
situation with fast as frick hopped up cannibal
lunatics trying to slaughter them.
Doyle and all the Delta snipers are providing
overwatch at night while everyone attempts
to get a decent night's sleep.
You’d think it’d be hard when your apartment
is at the epicenter of the deadliest viral
outbreak mankinds ever faced, with millions
of dead bodies surrounding your island that
experienced unimaginable horrors in their
final moments.
I’m sure Flynn could have gotten a nice
room.
But I get it.
I’d be sleeping in my chopper seat ready
to go at a moment's notice too.
He’s flying a variant of the Gazelle helicopter
which can have doors on it.
Why he chose to remove them in this environment
beats me.
If for no other reason than to prevent sick
pranks like this.
Flynn jokes about shooting Doyle, but seriously,
that’s how you get shot.
Like Bill Murray in Zombieland.
It’s all jokes until someone freaks out
and pulls the trigger.
Naturally, the first day after the kids arrive,
they somehow think it’s a smart idea and
somehow manage to sneak out of a highly guarded
quarantine zone to go explore the restricted
zone without being shot or immediately captured.
Tammy wants to snag the keys to the scooter,
which isn’t a terrible idea if you are hell
bent on exploring restricted zombie plagued
areas of the city.
Should a runner bust out of a shop and give
chase, you do not want to be on foot.
At least she got the helmet for Andy, safety
first.
Tammy and Andy reach their former home and
split up to raid their own rooms.
Andy gets his picture of his mom and hops
around on the trampoline before heading back
in to find Tammy.
Only he doesn’t find Tammy.
To his surprise, he finds his non-zombified,
very much alive mom who's been holding out
in their attic.
She must’ve had an immunity to the virus,
and the zombies just moved on thinking she
was infected too.
Alice had no way of knowing about the military
camp and decided to sneak back into town to
try to ride it out.
If I was her, I’d try to find a new shelter
further into the countryside.
The city would have been packed with zombies.
Yes, she has an immunity and the infected
probably won’t attack her since they let
her go after infecting her.
But..
Do you really want to chance it waltzing into
a million strong horde like Brad Pitt in World
War Z?
Like I was saying earlier, they might start
cannibalizing each other, including you when
starvation starts to hit.
The military tracked the kids down and took
Alice back to their ‘secure’ labs for
decontamination and assessment.
Well this is awkward.
Not to worry citizens, we were just a little
wrong about the whole, everyone in London
was dead, thing.
Why are people always so dramatic when they
are essentially getting bathed?
They aren’t branding you with a hot iron.
Scarlet’s performing the assessment of Alice
with pretty minimal PPE.
I think a survivor who is potentially an asymptomatic
carrier of the Rage Virus warrants a level
4 bio suit until you are absolutely sure she’s
clean.
Scarlet puts Alice’s blood under the microscope
and concludes that she’s infected, but that
she has a genetic immunity to it.
Scarlet thinks that her blood contains the
key to a vaccine, or even a cure.
Correct me if I'm wrong internet virologists,
but if she has a natural immunity, aka a genetic
immunity, she will never have had an immune
response to the virus, and thus her blood
doesn’t contain the antibodies necessary
to create a vaccine nor a cure.
Even if there were living infected people,
which there aren’t per your estimations,
and even if you were able to create a cure
with her blood, which you can’t, how would
you plan on administering it to the zombies,
and what’s the plan for rehabilitating and
reintegrating ex-zombies?
Clearly you’re not qualified for this position
nor have you thought through the realities
and logistics for this situation.
I’m not saying they should kill Alice because
she’s useless and dangerous, but they should
kill Alice because she’s useless and dangerous.
General Stone’s one intelligent decision
in this dumpster fire is to incinerate Alice
since she poses too great of a risk.
And herein lies the pinnacle of stupidity
in this movie.
The fricking maintenance man has access to
containment quarters for possibly infected
survivors and labs, which are totally unguarded
by soldiers and unmonitored by surveillance
cameras.
The TSA had a 50 cal machine gun trained on
the people entering the infected zone.
But the sole survivor of the apocalypse who's
a carrier for the disease effectively doesn’t
have a locked door.
You’d think that they’d piece together
that Alice is Don's wife, Don has the dumbarse
all access pass to their infected labs where
she’s kept, and maybe he’d want to pay
her a visit?
Nah.
Totally unthinkable.
Don ignores any safety precautions or general
common sense, and starts making out with his
detained, shell-shocked wife that’s strapped
to a chair because she may be infected.
It doesn’t take long for the virus to kick
in.
Jesus Christ.
Don still has the wherewithal to slide his
badge through the card reader to open the
door so he can start attacking everyone.
Nobody can get their pistol up to shoot him
in time, so the situation escalates out of
control exponentially.
General Stone executes their Code Red when
they physically arrive at the containment
room and find Alice’s mutilated corpse,
because they didn’t have security cameras
which were being monitored.
The Code Red procedure is to move everyone
into ‘designated containment bunkers’.
Good luck orderly ushering fifteen thousand
panicking people into some distant bunker
in time while zombies are on the loose.
While the Code Red is popping off, Andy and
Tammy are being held in another quarantine
area.
Why would you even say or think this?
It's a Code Red meaning there’s a zombie
outbreak.
The same one that had claimed over 60 million
lives in the span of a week.
That’s almost as many as World War 2 claimed
in 6 years of brutal combat and genocide.
The seriousness of the situation can’t be
overstated.
This idiot nonchalantly walks into a hallway
lit with flickering emergency lights completely
unarmed.
I don’t care if you’re Barney Ross, get
your gun up so you don’t have to try to
unholster it if a zombie starts running at
you.
Yah, like that.
Scarlet comes to their rescue with her gun
up clearing rooms like you should, and tries
to get them onto a chopper out of the danger
zone because she still falsely thinks their
blood harbours the cure.
It’s too chaotic and they end up getting
separated by the soldiers.
The ‘secure bunkers’ are actually just
underground parking garages that are locked
up less securely than an ice cream store at
night.
Hell, thousands of people piled into a small
area might as well be an ice cream store for
the zombies.
Middle school teachers have a better code
red procedure for hostile visitors.
Everyone goes to their rooms, locks up, and
hides.
The first 2 floors of each residential building
should have been up-armored with unbreakable
plexi-glass with a platoon of soldiers guarding
the lobby, stairwell, and hallways.
Blueprints for each building should be assessed
so that all other entrances could be sealed
or guarded.
Snipers on the rooftops can pick off the zombies
running through the streets or attacking the
entrances.
Andy hears some banging on the back entrance
of the parking garage.
It’s his raged out dad.
Did that door even have a lock on it?
So much for a secure containment area.
All the survivors crammed into this garage
just became an all you can eat zombie buffet.
Andy climbs up on a car to escape through
the vent shaft.
Pretty clever move compared to everyone else
screaming and running for the same locked
door.
It was insanely lucky that the shaft was right
over a car, that it could be opened, and that
nobody else tried to follow him.
The chained and locked front entrance didn’t
even stop the horde.
The military really didn’t think this through.
At least tell me they have a flamethrower
or nerve gas grenades.
Nope, just a few soldiers with M4s, great.
Initially the soldiers try to pick off the
infected, but it’s near impossible.
Within seconds, General Stone gives the order
to abandon selective targeting.
If you were in that group of fleeing people,
I think your best option is to just lay down
and act dead.
It’s a virus where people attack anything
that moves and looks uninfected.
If you are still, they will probably run past
you.
That and you’re far less likely to catch
a bullet from the soldiers.
Scarlet gets on the comms to tell all the
soldiers to spare and evacuate a little boy.
Andy shouldn't be too hard to spot.
He is the only child in District 1.
The problem is that she failed to give the
soldiers a legitimate reason not to kill him.
Andy better hope he doesn’t end up in someone’s
sights.
I actually think all the soldiers should be
actively targeting Andy.
His genetic immunity won’t enable them to
make a vaccine or cure, and makes him an inconspicuous
carrier of the virus.
He’s far more dangerous than the zombies.
Why Andy decided to pop out of the ventilation
shaft right in the middle of all this is beyond
me.
Doyle saves Andy with a clutch shot, and some
store owner waves him into safety.
The snipers aren’t too smart either.
They didn’t secure the rooftop hatches and
now they’re getting attacked.
Compared to the dumbarse zombies in World
War Z who anthill up a building side to get
to the top, the Rage infected are pretty damn
intelligent for spotting the snipers from
ground level, navigating their way through
the building, and finding the roof entrance
in order to attack them.
In a stroke of mad luck, Tammy and Scarlet
were at the shop Andy was drawn into.
Scarlet says the obvious, that the military
is going to exterminate this entire area now.
They need to find a way out of District 1
before it gets nuked, while avoiding getting
eaten by zombies or shot down by snipers.
Doyle heard Scarlet’s bullshiz call for
help about the VIP child earlier, and headed
down to help.
That and the military didn’t line up helicopter
extractions for their own snipers.
He says that right now the snipers are preoccupied
with shooting the infected running around,
and that their night vision scopes have a
fairly narrow field of view.
If they sleuth around under the cover of darkness,
they have a chance that z’s and snipers
both won’t see them.
Not that they have a choice, because this
place will likely be nuked within the hour.
They need to get into the restricted zone
and commandeer a vehicle they can drive back
to base, or find an LZ that Flynn can pick
them up at.
Doyle makes sure everyone is on his arse and
moves out for the restricted area.
He’s got a rail mounted night vision scope
on his AR, but no suppressor.
The lack of a suppressor is a real problem.
If he fires, everyone, sniper and infected
will hear it.
Flynn and Doyle get comms and Flynn lets him
know that in 4 minutes District 1 will be
firebombed into a hellscape.
Flynn tells him to go to Regents park for
extraction.
Why, that’s like 10 miles away.
Doyle should have given Flynn his current
location so they could coordinate a closer
LZ.
Like Greenwich Park that’s just south of
them.
With only a couple minutes until they get
turned into crispy critters, there’s no
time for lollygagging.
They need to sprint for the water or Greenwich
Foot Tunnel.
What are the snipers still doing in District
1 if the whole place is minutes from being
firebombed.
Luckily he only killed a few randoms that
nobody cares about.
He did clip Scarlet’s leg.
That’s going to be a problem.
Sorry Scarlet, but if the infected start chasing
us you’re on your own.
Uh, dude, he blasted your Saving Private Ryan
mirror out of your hand immediately with one
or two shots from a tough angle and distance.
I’d say he’s good.
I think Doyles is just saying that to give
his bait, I mean diversion, the confidence
to run out there so he can get a clean shot.
He instructs Sam to run in a zig-zag pattern
to throw the sniper off.
This is generally considered to be bad advice
because it slows you down, thus making you
an easier target.
Sam justifiably doesn’t want to play bait,
so Andy takes off and executes a perfect serpentine
maneuver.
The sniper somehow misses every shot and gets
dropped by Doyle.
Doyle’s group hauls arse through the Greenwich
Tunnel just narrowly avoiding the firebombs.
They weren’t the only ones though.
The delayed firebombing doesn’t seem like
the best way to handle the situation.
If they actually had secure bunkers, they
could have pre-installed nerve gas bombs all
throughout the District.
Upon Code Red and everyone’s successful
migration into the bunkers, these bombs would
be set off and all of District 1 would be
safely fumigated without harming the civilians.
The survivors eventually make it to Regents
Park.
Problem is, there’s zombies out here too.
Either the zombies from District 1 tracked
them down somehow, or the military was lying
about all the zombies starving to death in
a couple months.
Flynn arrives and starts freaking out at the
sight of Doyle’s tag-a-longs.
I honestly don’t see what the problem is.
His Gazelle helicopter can easily take them
all.
We know that if you’re infected you turn
into a zombie within seconds, so he shouldn’t
have anxiety about that.
He might think that they could be carriers,
but if Doyle and Scarlet are uninfected, flying
them all to the nearest quarantine zone shouldn’t
be a problem.
Flynn’s irrational fear causes Sam to jump
onto his helicopter for fear of being left.
Sam’s made out to be a little bitch, but
the man’s just trying not to die.
He did save all your lives for Christ sake.
Flynn pulls incredibly dangerous evasive maneuvers
to shake Sam off.
At least he heard Doyle screaming for help
on the comm’s and realized he needed to
prioritize mowing down the horde.
That move saved their arses, but it wouldn’t
have been necessary if Flynn just picked them
up in the first place.
Flynn flies off and tells Doyle that he will
extract him and him alone at the Wembley Stadium,
which is another 8 miles West of their location.
It’s also a tough spot to land a helicopter
and has terrible sightlines.
Flynn would be lucky to get the rotors spooled
up in time if zombies burst out of the stands.
If he was concerned about Doyle’s well-being,
he’d just pick him up now or find a closer
LZ.
It’s clear that Doyle isn’t going to leave
the kids, so Flynn’s just risking their
lives delaying the same discussion.
That’s if they don’t get overrun.
There’s no telling how many infected escaped
District 1.
It could be thousands.
If even 40 or 50 zombies showed up, Doyle
would easily get overrun.
He’s putting down the few zombies giving
immediate chase, but his lack of suppressor
is constantly giving his position away and
attracting more zombies.
Flynn’s also a piece of shiz because there’s
no way that he didn’t see the giant clouds
of poison gas rolling towards them and cutting
them off from the LZ.
Caught between the zombies and toxic gas clouds,
they jump into a nearby car that luckily was
unlocked.
I highly doubt they could survive a gas attack
by locking up a Volvo.
Maybe if it was a Tesla with Bioweapon Defense
Mode activated.
It does take some time for nerve gas to kill.
If they can get the car started and drive
out of there they stand a chance.
If not, they’ll succumb to the gas or get
barbecued by flametroopers.
I don’t know what’s scarier, the zombies
or firebats swinging their giant torches.
I highly doubt soldiers would be operating
within clouds of nerve gas.
That seems incredibly dangerous.
I don’t know, maybe it would feel cozy knowing
that zombies couldn’t get to you without
their nervous systems getting fried.
The car battery is dead, so Doyle opts to
get out and give it a push start.
Which is a thing you can do to help start
cars with weak batteries, I didn’t know
that.
Doyle getting out and letting in some gas
should still be fine, usually takes a decent
amount of inhalation to start to kill you.
I don’t think staying in the car and signalling
to the troopers that you weren’t infected
would work.
Even if they didn’t outright torch you,
you’d die from gas exposure.
Doyle could have gunned down the flame soldiers
and ensured his survival.
He already set the precedent that he was willing
to kill friendlies for the kids.
However, he probably thought that they’d
be able to escape in the car and he was dead
from exposure anyways.
Killing the soldiers was just unnecessary.
Before Doyle can get back in, the flametroopers
open up.
Doyle should have handed Scarlet the radio
so they’d have comms with the chopper, and
so she can explain why the kids are necessary.
Without it, Flynn is likely to leave them
on site again.
The Apache pilot needs to be fired for being
unable to hit a 15 year old station wagon
driving 25 miles an hour in broad daylight.
If this was real life, they’d all have been
turned into red paste from it’s 30mm chain
gun.
I get it’s a Code Red, but it’s still
crazy to me that they’d shoot at a car clearly
being driven by innocent survivors instead
of trying to extract and quarantine them.
Scarlet loses the Apache in the subway and
they ditch the car.
Doyle gave Scarlett his M4, but not the extra
mags.
Let’s hope she doesn’t need them.
Even a couple zombies can tank some serious
damage.
One of them was still walking after getting
it’s torso chopped in half by the helicopter
rotors.
Scarlet hangs back and tries to direct Tammy
and Andy through the corpse-littered subway
with the night vision scope on Doyle’s rifle.
Doyle’s M4 does have a flashlight, but it’s
too risky to use with the infected all around
them.
Can you not scream the second they move in
the wrong direction.
You’re attracting unwanted attention and
pumping their anxiety levels into the stratosphere.
How about you lead the way since you have
the night vision scope, they can hold onto
your shirt and follow your steps.
That way you don’t have to constantly flag
Tammy and Andy with a hot rifle and they aren’t
obscuring your field of view if a zombie is
down there.
Why Tammy and Andy don’t get up and say
they are okay is beyond me.
You tripped and fell.
You can still talk.
Now Scarlet’s yelling and making way too
much noise.
Through her night scope she sees someone walk
across the corridor.
Now would be the time to turn the flashlight
on.
The night scope has too narrow of a field
of view and is too fuzzy with no ambient light.
And to think, all she would have needed to
do to survive, was squeeze the pressure pad
on the foregrip to turn on the flashlight.
Tammy picks up the rifle and looks through
the night scope to see Scarlet’s pummeled
face.
She doesn’t take a pulse and leaves thinking
Scarlet’s dead.
She might be, but she might also just have
been knocked unconscious.
She wasn’t bitten, so there’s a chance.
Tammy’s got more pressing concerns.
Like her Dad tearing Andy to pieces.
Who knew a teenage girl would be more combat
effective than an actual soldier.
Tammy does make the all too common and unbelievably
stupid mistake of dropping the rifle after
dispatching the immediate threat.
Do I really have to point out that other zombies
might be nearby and heard the shots.
Andy runs off thinking he’s infected from
the bite wound.
Too bad there’s not a rooftop edge he could
throw himself over if he started foaming at
the mouth.
Tammy, I get that you don’t want to leave
Andy, but maybe bring the rifle in case he
goes rage mode.
Andy doesn’t turn because he shares the
same genetic immunity as his mom.
The thought never passes through their heads
that Andy might be harbouring the virus now.
They arrive at the Wembley Stadium after the
movie cut out another 6 miles of them sneaking
through the restricted zone.
Flynn’s there, chilling in the helicopter
with his MP5.
He doesn’t look too happy about Doyle’s
absence, but lets them on board anyways.
Terrible timing on your change of heart.
You got Doyle and Scarlet killed only to take
the kids anyway.
Oh and Sam.
Can’t forget about Sam.
He should have checked them for bite wounds
and gunned Andy down when he found out he
was infected.
Instead of taking them to a secure military
camp where they could quarantine and assess
the kids for infection, he flies them across
the channel into France where Andy spreads
infectious bodily fluids on every glass cup,
doorknob, metro handrail, and Uber car seat.
The movie ends with the virus spreading throughout
the entire world and ending 99.98% of life.
If Don and Alice paddled down the river they’d
have been picked up by the military and her
immunity wouldn’t have inadvertently caused
the entire human race to go extinct.
Perhaps the most devastating and preventable
mistake was giving Don a backstage pass and
not posting guards outside Alice’s containment
room.
Besides that, Andy getting bitten and hopping
on the next flight to Continental Europe is
just flat out insane, even for a dumb kid.
I’m quite confident I could have managed
this situation better than General Stone,
and Beaten the Rage Virus from 28 Weeks Later.
My biggest piece of advice for surviving a
zombie apocalypse that I'll leave you with,
is to be friends with a helicopter pilot.